# Gramophile V1

Gramophile release v1 effectively covers the organisational pieces.

## Requirements

1. Onboarding and initial configuration of collection
1. Gram org fully functional with configuration elements
1. Non-required elements are locked down
1. Convert MANDATE over to ENABLED
1. Finish off backend storage
1. Stress testing and onboarding waiting list
1. Infrastructure hardening and tracking
1. Website and documentation

## Onboarding and initial configuration

A couple of things here: 1. We should validate that we can log in correctly
and try to build a second piece that logs in a test user each day, catching
any errors or changes in that flow.

Secondly we need to make a criteria for percentage onboarded so that users
are able to track the syncing of the collection so that the user knows when they
are fully syned. This should be broken down into categories so we can track each

## Gram org functional

This is largely done, but we may want to set an SLO around latency / avail to track
and in general build out an overall model of gramophile performance that we can
track.

## Non-required elements

We should lock down stuff we're working on (e.g. wantlists / moving records etc.). No
need to hide them from the proto, but we don't document them and adjust to off for
non-allowlisted users

## Mandate to enabled

Let's simplify the mandate / enabled flow. It should just be on or off.

## Backend storage

We need to move over to ceph with DB backup and snapshotting. We should be able to both (a)
restore from daily backups and also (b) fast rollback to a previous db per user. Let's find
a good database engine for easy proto storage and retrieval given our access patterns.

## Stress testing and onboarding waiting list

We should stress test the system so we know it's limits and we can scale up as necessary. 
Included in the perforamcen dashbaord should be the state of the infra, so we know if we
need to scale up or down. Ideally we should add autoscaling of the gramophile binary, maintaining
two tasks to support seamless upgrades.

## Infrastructure hardening and tracking

Things here are (1) ensuring uptime is functional is able to assess infra problems. (2) we need
to finish off the dns corrector and tune it to reduce potential downtime, ideally flagging dns
excursions on the uptime console directly.

## Website and documentation

We should have a website and documentation to help users get started with the system. Ideally
this should have walkthroughs for Apple, Linux and Windows and a walkthrough of how to interact
with the system. We need to have detailed documentation on the config proto so its super clear
what folks can do. We also should define PR process to support any incoming changes and handle
bug reports.